Support OIDC and WebAuthn sequencing for aal2 (#398)
canonical/identity-platform-login-ui: docs/sequencing.md

## OIDC-WebAuthn Sequencing

This application exposes an `OIDC_WEBAUTHN_SEQUENCING_ENABLED` environment variable, which defaults to `false`.

**Do not enable this option unless you are sure that this feature applies to your deployment.**

If set to `true`, Login UI will enforce setting up a WebAuthn key (e.g. with YubiKey or Google Password Manager on Android) right after signing in with an external identity provider (Google, GitHub, Entra ID, ...), given that the user has not done it previously.
Users will be asked to complete it as the second authentication factor on every login flow, regardless of the authentication controls enforced by the identity provider.

> Enabling this option assumes that your Kratos config sets the `passwordless` flag to `false`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling this option  works on the assumption that your Kratos config has the `passwordless` flag set to `false`:
```
